# **Meeting: Roles**

**Date: 07/03/2026**  
**Attendees: Both developers present**

# Meeting Notes

### Status

- File Transfer Verified
    - Both client and server successfully communicate, both send and download with SHA256 verification.
- MVP Status
    - V1 (MVP) is not fully complete yet but the core network loop is proven and the milestone near completion
- Real-Time Security Discovery
    - During our live server test, we caught a network scanning bot hitting our AWS instance. It issued a "GET" command that caused our server to panic and reach an out-of-memory error. This allowed us to identify a Giant Header memory overflow vulnerability for our MVP.
    - Server under a Firewall until V2 testing.

### V1 Action Items (MVP)

The following items must be complete for an official V1.

- Patch Giant Header Exploit
    - limit incoming JSON header size to prevent out-of-memory issues
- Patch Path Traversal Vulnerability (sanitise filenames from clients)
- Clean redundant code across codebase
- Audit and remove `.unwrap()` calls to prevent server crashes - utilise `?` operator
- Implement config files for both Client and Server
    - Look into YAML as a potential file
    - Update the Server CLI to support specifying the resource dir via config
    - Update the Client CLI to support specifying the IP, resource, and download folder
    - Add config file to .gitignore to prevent leaking local settings/IPs
- Implement List command (server-side responds to client-side request)
- Final codebase polish
- Implement baseline unit tests
- Implement Delete Command

&nbsp;

### V2 Action Items (Future)

The following items must be complete for an official V2 (to be amended as needed).

- Implement User IDs (UID). Users will be able to authenticate via their own .pem key. Public keys stores on the Server DB.
- User Isolation by refactoring the server resource directly to dynamically create isolated sub-directories mapped ot each user's UID. Mapping done via DB.
- Implement transfer encryption
- SHA256 sidecar database to track file integrity long-term and for optimisation
- Improve buffer management and overall transfer efficiency. 
- Explore data partitioning
- Add comprehensive DB testing and new CLI commands (e.g. checking available server data)
- "Never Trust The Client" Philosophy (exploit fixing):
    - Disk exhaustion, check max size / available space (inc. race conditions)
    - UID with .pem for user authentication
    - DOS - Rate Limiting per IP address
    - Replay Attacks - add challenge response by sending a random nonce

### Next Meeting

Trigger: To be scheduled upon the completion of all V1 action items.

Agenda: Final V1 testing and official V2 kickoff.